Our guys welcome in this lecture.
Regional creates the climate models.
Okay, now over this model Zaatari regen the need to create a new phy and they're going to call this
FY comments, this section.
Dots, dots.
Okay, now we can use controlled beats to make this white.
And the first step is to create a class.
And as well we can call this class comments.
Okay.
Now, these are the fields we need.
These are name of the user.
The comment itself, the dates the comment was posted, the likes, the footsie URL of the user and
so on.
Okay.
So right here, we're going to need to create those fields.
First of all, we can see this string and it's going to be user name.
Right.
Okay.
String.
This is going to be the comments.
Okay.
Strange.
This is going to be for okay, there's going to be final dates, the dates published.
Published by K.
Okay.
And.
Least.
Likes.
Okay.
List of lights and string photo.
We can just call this profi.
Fujitsu.
I think you've seen all this before.
Okay, String.
The U id of the user.
I don't only that string.
The idea of the user is going to check if this is all we need that we have one, two, Siri.
Four, five, six.
Okay.
Not enough still is to pass it on to the constructor.
Right?
So over here, we need to create this comments.
And then had this as well.
So a name in this.
Okay.
Now I it is a record.
This is what username?
We acquired.
This that comments.
Required.
Required this that dates publish.
We need this and as well this.
I'm just going to get rid of this quickly.
Okay.
Hydrogen of common required.
This dogs likes.
It required.
Required.
So.
Coma required.
This.
That what's.
Okay.
Profile photo and then your I.D. and I.D..
So this is going to be required.
This starts.
Your I.D. and required.
This does.
I'd.
Okay.
Hi.
This okay?
Great.
Yes.
Control necessary now.
Okay, great.
Now, the next thing is to convert all this fields to a map, okay?
Because that's what's filed these aspects.
Okay.
Okay, now to do this.
Yeah, we need to say map.
My.
It's going to be strange and as well die not make.
Okay.
And now we can say so.
J.
Son, I think you've said this before.
It is going to be a narrow function.
And this.
Okay.
Now, like I said, MOPP is basically something that has a property name on the property value.
If you're coming from JavaScript, this is known as object and you coming from Python.
This is known as dictionaries.
Okay.
Now we can say user name.
Username you can see.
And this is going to be what comments?
Comments.
Dates.
Okay.
Published.
Well.
Least.
Dates was.
Published.
Okay.
And likes.
Likes.
Okay.
As well.
It's going to be for two.
I recorded Spotify.
For two.
And this is going to be profiled.
Okay.
And.
Your idea of the user and.
You already.
And lastly, I think the ID.
Okay.
I'd.
Now the next thing to do is to create.
Ah, the sections of each comment are going to be posted.
Right.
Okay.
And apart from that firebase aspects of this, so be something known as snapshots.
Right.
So we're going to need to create that.
Okay.
So over here.
We can then say static.
And comments.
Then we can call this from snob.
From snob.
You've seen all this before.
If you've forgotten why you're doing all this, you can just go back to that lecture.
Okay.
Now this movie documents.
Snapshot and snap.
You can just snap.
Okay.
Great.
And now we can create, if able to store what we are going to be doing, this shirt is going to be equal
to.
This snap.
DOD data.
Okay.
The data and we can't look at it again as a map.
Map of string.
That is, all these fields are going to be strings and.
We don't care about the type of variable we want it to be any type of variable.
That's why we are saying dynamic.
The way it did this and then this.
Okay.
Sorry.
And now we can dendrites on the comments model.
Comments.
Okay.
I'm just gonna do this again.
Comments?
Okay.
Good.
Now, for the user name, this is going to be snap.
Shot.
Username.
Okay.
All we can do is we can just copy this.
And.
Is this?
And there's going to be what's.
Comments.
Make sure you don't make it a spelling mistake of a.
You can just rig this.
And Greg this.
And this, this.
And this.
Okay.
You can get rid of this.
And physics.
So.
Okay.
And yes, I can just do it for everything first.
Get rid of this.
This.
And his.
And --.
And paste.
Okay.
Now add this.
Now we need to change each of every one of them.
Okay.
Copy this.
Is this?
Copy.
Pace.
Coffee.
Paste.
Copy.
Paste okay.
Okay.
No evidence to understand.
You can basically just go back to where we did this before or probably in the next year.
I'm going to try my best to explain why we did this again.
Okay.
First of all, over here, we created the fields and that's these orders.
We passed it on.
We passed it on to the constructor.
So whenever we call this.
Class we are going to need to pass in the value store this and the value we simply corrected.
It's a map.
Right.
Okay.
You know why we did this, right?
Because we also have set five ways.
That collection.
That's.
The dark.
The ads said there was a need to do something similar to this.
Right.
So that's why we have to do this here in the let's have a much more clean code.
And over here, we are specifying that every comment is known as well as snapshots.
Right.
Okay, great.
Okay, guys said investiture.